content/about.md, before:

---
title: "About"
date: 2018-11-20T00:11:15-08:00
draft: true
---

I created [seedshare](https://www.seedshare.io) as a platform to share my
thoughts on software development.

How do we create responsible and effective products? What drives value in software?
Which design patterns will correlate with success? These are the kinds of questions
in which I am interested. The purpose of this blog is to share experiential learning
through loosely-coupled tech articles focused on software applications and news.

## Me
My name is Kevin Caravaggio; I am an enterprise developer with a background in
supply chain systems for big retail. I started my career as an intern at Sears
Holdings in Chicagoland, while I was a college student at the University of
Washington, studying hardware design. In spite of higher education, I was recruited
during my internship as a software engineer at Sears. I worked remotely during the
last two years of my undergraduate in Seattle, contributing to several large,
real-world projects for order fulfillment and delivery optimization.

When I graduated from college, I took a promotion at Sears and continued to work
remotely in a distributed team. After approximately six months, I left to join
Lowe's Companies, Inc. where I am building industry-leading projects in the supply
chain space.

Commit message:

adding project and updating about page

content/about.md, after:

---
title: "About"
date: "2019-01-20"
categories:
  - about
  - meta

---

I created [seedshare](https://www.seedshare.io) as a platform to share my
thoughts on software development.

How do we create responsible and effective products? What drives value in software?
Which design patterns will correlate with success? These are the kinds of questions
in which I am interested. The purpose of this blog is to share experiential learning
through loosely-coupled tech articles focused on software applications and news.

## Me
My name is Kevin Caravaggio; I am an enterprise developer with a background in
supply chain systems for big retail. I started my career as an intern at Sears
Holdings in Chicagoland. At the time, I was a college student at the University
of Washington, studying hardware design. I was recruited during my internship
as a software engineer at Sears. I worked remotely during the last two years of
my undergraduate in Seattle, contributing to several large, real-world projects
for order fulfillment and delivery optimization.

When I graduated from college, I took a promotion at Sears and continued to work
remotely in a distributed team. After approximately six months, I left to join
Lowe's Companies, Inc. where I am building industry-leading products in the
supply chain space.

![profile picture](/images/avatar.png)
